[ann] The finals of
the national tournament
are about to end.
And the suspense
has everyone
at the edge of
their seats.
In the first
forty minutes,
both teams tied
the scoreboard
and went into extra time.
But the extra time ended
and we had to add
an additional ten minutes.
It truly has been
a ruthless battle
between Nankatsu
and Meiwa.
And we're still 2 to 2.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we're five minutes away
from the match ending.
Who will come out
victorious?
Now Team Nankatsu
will initiate the match
to make
their final attack.
This half,
it's the white jersey's
turn to start the match.
[Genzo] We were able to
defend the goal
in the first five minutes.
Tsubasa, Misaki,
it's now up to you guys.
You guys can do it.
I know it.
Show everyone...
Nankatsu's golden duo.
[Taro]
I'm going to give it my all,
even if I break my leg.
[Tsubasa]
I'll score that goal.
I have to do it
no matter what happens.
Or everyone's efforts
will go to waste.
[Ken]
I'll protect my goal.
I'll do it even if
my life depends on it.
[Takeshi]
We won't lose.
[Kojiro] It doesn't matter
what trick
they try to use...
They won't stand a chance.
[whistle]
-Let's go after that goal!
-Yeah!
[narr] Episode 27:
Moment of Glory.
-Nankatsu, you have to
-score a goal!
Come on, Meiwa!
You guys are the champions!
[panting]
Listen up...
There'll be no more
opportunities.
It doesn't matter
what you do.
I want you to get me
the ball so I can score.
-Yes, Captain!
[gasp]
[ann] Tsubasa fools
Meiwa with ease.
The rest he got
in the first half
has let him recover
his energy.
[gasp]
[grunt]
I have to score that goal.
[panting]
-Misaki!
-[grunt]
[ann]
Tsubasa doesn't hesitate
and passes to Misaki.
-You won't get through me.
-[grunt]
[ann] Misaki evades
the slide tackle.
It looks like
Nankatsu's golden duo
is finally back,
everyone.
Let's do this.
Now we can win.
[groan]
[ann] Oh! Misaki loses
his balance.
It looks like his injury
is more severe
than we all thought.
-[gasps]
-Be careful, Misaki.
[growl]
[yell]
[ann] Hyuga slide tackles
and recovers the ball.
Takeshi, let's all go
and attack together.
Yeah.
[ann] Now all of
Team Meiwa
is running to
the opposite field.
[panting]
This can't be...
Misaki can't play anymore.
Taro, son.
Hey, team!
Don't get distracted.
We can count on Misaki,
but we have to
help him first.
Don't let them
get anywhere near.
Yeah.
[grunt]
I won't let you through.
-You can do it, Nankatsu.
I can't take
the pain in my leg
any longer.
But I have a responsibility
to my team.
I won't disappoint them.
I have to hold on
for a little bit longer.
[Taro] Everybody put
their trust in me.
No, I can't end the match
like this.
I have to keep going.
I'm going to play
'til the end.
Dad, Mom...
[panting]
[grunt]
Hyuga!
-No!
-[grunt]
[ann] Hyuga is open
and receives the pass.
-[yell]
-[ann] He winds up
- the kick and...
-[yelling]
there is the shot.
[ann] Wow, but the ball
is stopped
by Nankatsu's captain.
What a miracle save.
What was that?
Tsubasa!
Misaki, it's all yours.
[ann] Tsubasa clears
the ball
with a long pass
towards Misaki,
but he's still suffering
from his injury.
[Tsubasa] Misaki, you're
my golden duo partner.
- Please don't give up.
-[panting]
Team Nankatsu needs
their golden duo now
more than ever.
[grunt]
Tsubasa...
Dad...
Mother...
This will be my final play.
[ann] Misaki receives
the ball
and heads to
the opponent's goal
despite his injury.
[grunts]
This can't happen!
[gasp]
-That's it, Misaki.
-Ah!
Great job, Misaki.
[ann] Tsubasa follows
his teammate.
[panting]
[ann] Wow, what wonderful
synchronicity.
This is Nankatsu's
famous golden duo.
The impeccable
coordination
between these two players
allows them to pave
a path towards the goal.
[Tsubasa] Do it, Misaki!
Shoot!
[grunt]
Go ahead...
Try to stop this!
[yelling]
[ann] And the goalkeeper
deflects Misaki's shot.
Ken, that was
an amazing save.
I got it!
[ann] Ishizaki
recovers the ball.
Nice, Ishizaki.
Tsubasa, Misaki, run.
This crossover pass
is for you guys!
Here!
[ann] Now he kicks a long
pass to his teammates,
but Hyuga closes the gap
to intercept.
Here I go!
[ann]
Misaki launches himself
to do an overhead kick.
I won't let you do it.
[grunt]
[ann]
Hyuga also attempts,
but neither one is able
to connect the shot.
-What?
-Tsubasa!
[ann] Misaki was able
to fool Hyuga
into jumping
ahead of time,
leaving Tsubasa
free to make
his famous overhead kick
uncovered.
What a lovely play!
Here it goes!
[ann] Th-Th-The ball
hits the net!
[gasp]
-[grunt]
-[laugh]
[cheering]
-Yeah!
[laughing]
-Great job!
-What a goal!
-[ann] Nankatsu's golden duo
-Yeah!
has done it again.
We're three minutes
and a half
from the match ending.
Nankatsu is up ahead
by one goal.
- What a shocking final!
-I could kiss you guys.
Wakabayashi's plan worked
every step of the way.
My darling!
Great job, kid.
[ann] Thanks to
Misaki's trap,
Hyuga couldn't do
anything to stop Tsubasa.
It was a surprising play.
Everything happened
so fast,
that not even
the goalie Wakashimazu
could react to
such a powerful kick.
I hate you all.
[ann]
There you have it,
this is the famous
golden duo from Nankatsu.
We did it, Taro.
Thanks to everybody.
You played really well,
my son.
My darling...
[ann] The Tiger Hyuga
has a very serious posture.
Is he giving up for good,
or will he keep on
playing for the win?
[Mr. Kira]
Don't you give up, Kojiro.
You can still win this.
Big brother
Kojiro, my son...
Tsubasa and Misaki
are admirable.
There's no doubt...
that together, they make
a force to be reckoned with.
But...this is far
from being over.
[whistle]
[ann] Now Meiwa switches
into offense.
Everyone is running
to look for the tie.
Listen up, don't get cocky
just because we're ahead.
Get the ball away from them.
-Yeah!
-Yes, sir.
Just a little bit more.
I'll hang on until the end.
We have to score
another goal.
We have to secure the win.
Yeah.
Tsubasa and Misaki...
you sure taught me a lesson.
Soccer is a team sport.
[pant]
It's yours.
It's not just about power,
but also having
the heart to play.
I finally...
learned to enjoy soccer.
Just like I always
should have.
Thanks to you guys,
for the first time,
I'm having fun.
[pant]
[ann] Team Meiwa's
captain approaches
the opponent's goal
with great speed
to try and tie the match.
Stop him, guys.
Don't let him find
good footing.
Until today, I had only been
playing this sport
for my family
and to be a winner.
But now,
playing with you guys,
I can appreciate
the real meaning of soccer.
[grunt]
[ann] The Tiger overwhelms
Nankatsu with his strength.
[Kojiro]
But even then,
don't think I've given up
on my mission to win.
I've always played to win
and that's what
I'm about to do.
[yelling]
-[ann] Ishizaki
slide tackles
towards Hyuga,
- but Hyuga jumps
-[grunt]
preemptively
and manages to dodge.
[Kojiro] Having fun means
nothing if I can't win.
[ann] Hyuga is suspended
in mid-air ready to shoot.
You won't score on us,
Hyuga.
Tsubasa!
[ann] Tsubasa leaps up
to block Hyuga's kick.
It's yours, Takeshi.
[grunt]
[ann]
Incredible!
The Tiger Hyuga,
at the last moment,
decides to pass the ball
instead of shooting.
And the ball is received
by Sawada,
who's close to
the goalkeeper.
This is a scoring chance.
[yell]
[ann] Sawada fires
with power.
[grunt]
But it was no problem
for the goalie.
[groan]
-Yeah, great!
What a great save,
Wakabayashi.
-Good job out there,
-Wakabayashi!
[ann] It was a good
attempt by team Meiwa,
but in the end, the star
goalie from Nankatsu
was able to
stop the shot.
Uh... I'm sorry, Captain.
It was my fault.
Don't worry, Takeshi.
We still have two minutes
to go.
All I have to do is
score a goal per minute.
Huh?
[Kojiro] Just like Tsubasa
and Misaki,
Wakabayashi is injured.
I'm sure that my last shot
worsened the pain
in his leg.
If I continue to attack,
his defense will be
penetrable...
and victory will be ours.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[ann] The match is 3 to 2
in favor of Nankatsu,
and with only two minutes
on the clock,
this will be the last play
of the match
between
Meiwa and Nankatsu.
I'll own up to
my responsibility.
I won't let them score
another goal.
[ann] If Nankatsu can
manage to defend their goal
in the remaining time,
they'll be the champions.
Don't you worry,
Wakabayashi.
We won't stop
attacking them.
Good.
Go ahead, guys!
[scream]
-[ann] What just happened?
-[groaning]
Wakabayashi suddenly
fell on the ground.
-[gasps]
-Wakabayashi!
[ann]
The pain in his leg
- looks to have worsened
-[groan]
after the last shot
from Hyuga.
Wakabayashi can't
get himself together.
It's my opportunity.
-[pants]
-[ann] Sawada from Meiwa
runs to get control
of the ball.
N-No one's defending
the goal.
I won't let you get it.
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[ann] Miraculously,
Takasugi clears the ball
- from the danger zone.
-[groan]
But Nankatsu's goalkeeper
still can't get up.
[Genzo] No, I...
I have to get up now.
Get up, kid.
Morisaki, start warming up.
Yeah.
I knew it, he's done for.
Now it'll be ease to score.
I'll score two goals
in two minutes.
[ann] Meiwa has control
of the ball.
[grunt]
Listen up... Everyone,
get to attacking now.
[yelling]
[ann]
And here comes Meiwa.
All their players
are switching to offense.
Here they come.
We can't let any single
one of them shoot.
We have to get control
of the ball.
-Yeah.
[ann]
Nankatsu's captain
gives instructions
to his teammates.
They're all in
defensive positions
to protect their goal.
It looks like they're going
to make a change in goalies
and Morisaki will come in
instead of Wakabayashi,
- who's still injured.
-[panting]
But the ball
is still at play
and Nankatsu
can't make changes
until the ball goes out of
bounds or the referee
- stops the match.
-[growl]
[pant]
If they plan on
changing Wakabayashi...
I have to take the chance
and score right now.
-[ann] Hyuga quickly
-[panting]
approaches the danger zone,
but Misaki has him
covered very tightly.
[Taro]
I don't have enough energy
to play next to Tsubasa,
but at least...
I'll use whatever's left
to prevent you
from scoring, Kojiro.
-[growl]
-[Taro] You won't get
through that easily.
-[ann] Misaki is covering
-[grunts]
Hyuga perfectly well,
and he can't advance
or move freely.
-[Hanji] Let's go!
-Huh?
The ball's mine!
[yell]
[grunts]
Not with Misaki in the way,
I can't get open.
I have to do something
and now.
-[grunts]
-[ann] There's less than
one minute remaining
- of the finals.
-Defend, guys!
-[gasps]
-[ann] Will the players
from Meiwa
- be able to find an opening
-[grunts]
- and tie the match?
-[Kojiro] Damn it all!
[gasp]
[ann]
Wait a moment,
the goalie
Ken Wakashimazu
has abandoned his goal
and is ready to attack.
If I tie this, I'll have
made up for my mistake.
[ann] Now all eleven
players from Meiwa
are in the opposite side
of the field.
What is he doing?
-Takeshi!
-[gasp]
[ann]
Misaki got distracted.
- Hyuga finally
-[grunt]
breaks away
from his defense.
Captain.
[grunt]
[ann] Hyuga receives
the pass.
[Kojiro]
It's my opportunity.
[gasps]
I won't allow you to.
[ann] Tsubasa bravely
slide tackles
to try and take the ball
from Hyuga.
[grunt]
[ann] Will he be able to
take the ball in time?
Or will it be Hyuga
who'll connect the kick?
This is the last battle
of the match.
[yell]
[grunts]
[ann] Hyuga manages
to shoot.
It looks like it'll be
a shot with a spin.
Will this be
the match-tying goal?
[Genzo] Don't
underestimate me, Hyuga.
Even if my left leg
can't move anymore,
I can still use
my other leg.
[ann]
Incredible!
The goalkeeper leaps
with one foot.
You can't reach it!
[ann] It looks like
he won't make it.
[gasp]
[grunts]
[ann]
What a miraculous save.
-[gasp]
-That's it.
-Wakabayashi!
[grunt]
[ann]
It was a great save
by Nankatsu's
star goalkeeper,
but the ball is still
in play and the goalie
- can't seem to get up.
-[groan]
We have
a divided ball.
I'll get the ball back.
It's now or never!
[growl]
[yell]
[ann] The goalie
Wakashimazu shoots a volley
with a spectacular
karate kick.
This is their last
opportunity to tie.
-Go in.
-I can't move anymore.
I just can't...
I can't let them score.
It doesn't matter
what happens...
I'll stop it!
[ann]
Misaki blocks
and defends the shot
from Wakashimazu.
No!
[ann] It was a great
shot from Meiwa,
but thanks to
the genius Misaki,
Nankatsu manages--
No!
Because of his speed,
Misaki has a head on
collision with the goalpost.
-Misaki!
[ann] Misaki knew that
he wouldn't be able to
stop on time.
But even then, he decided
to protect the goal,
risking his physique.
Nankatsu's number 11
has just sacrificed
himself
for the benefit
of his team.
Misaki, no...
[groan]
It's your turn now.
Tsubasa...
-Tsubasa...
-Tsubasa!
-Get the ball.
-It's still in play.
[ann] There's only
30 seconds left.
Meiwa tries to
get the ball back.
What will happen now?
[grunt]
[gasp]
Tsubasa!
[ann] Tsubasa is running
like a maniac.
It looks like he wants
to score another goal
to secure his victory
by any means.
You can do it!
Everyone head back!
[grunts]
[ann] None of
the defenders from Meiwa
can stop him.
Even if his leg
is injured,
Nankatsu's captain
seems not to care.
It's as if
the field was his own,
and everyone is watching
with awe.
-Tsubasa!
-[ann] The stadium is
falling apart.
- Everyone's chanting
-Tsubasa!
- the name of Tsubasa Ozora.
[Tsubasa] In the first match
against Meiwa,
we lost 7 to 6.
But now, we're winning
this match by one goal.
So we're still
practically tied.
If I want to feel like
I really won,
I have to score another one.
I'll score another goal
and I'll be the champion
of this tournament.
And when I do,
I'll go to Brazil
and I'll go with Roberto.
Stop him, Takeshi.
Yeah.
-[growl]
-[gasp]
This ball is all mine.
I'll take care of scoring
the match winning goal.
[ann] Sawada from Meiwa
is left breathless,
letting Nankatsu's
captain pass.
[Takeshi]
He looked just like Kojiro.
[growl]
[Kojiro] This will be
our last battle.
Tsubasa, I'll take the ball
away from you.
And when I have it
at my feet,
I'll score by shooting
from the midfield.
[Tsubasa]
Hyuga, prepare yourself.
I am ready.
Let's go!
-[grunts]
-[yelling]
[ann] It is a battle
of titans
and the ball is shining
as if it were
about to explode.
[grunts]
-[yell]
-[scream]
[ann]
Incredible.
Tsubasa manages to
knock down the Tiger Hyuga
for the first time.
What a surprise.
I lost.
[ann] Now Nankatsu's
captain is all alone
against the goalie.
[Tsubasa]
I will score.
No, you won't.
[ann] Tsubasa takes
a stance to shoot.
[yell]
[ann] The goalie leaps
to block the kick.
Oh, but Tsubasa
doesn't shoot.
Instead, he jumps
to fool him.
[Ken]
This can't be!
[ann]
There's no goalie!
[gasps]
[ann] Tsubasa is
literally alone
in front of
Team Meiwa's goal.
Team Nankatsu will be
the champion!
[ann] Tsubasa's
cannon shot
breaks through
the goal's net,
sending it out of
the stadium!
[whistle]
[ann]
And it's over.
The referee whistles
the end of the match.
-[laugh]
-You did it, Tsubasa.
Nankatsu's the champ,
gentlemen.
-Yeah!
I love you, Tsubasa.
Congratulations!
[ann]
It's been an intense
seven days
of the tournament,
and Nankatsu is crowned
the undisputable champion.
That's it, my love.
Congratulations.
Your father and I are
-very proud of you.
-[laughing]
Misaki, we really did it.
We won this!
We are the champions!
Mhm. Yeah.
[groan]
-[Mamoru] Wakabayashi!
-Huh?
Misaki, we won!
We're the best team
in Japan.
-[laugh]
-[ann] There's no doubt
- that Nankatsu's victory
-Yeah!
is well earned.
Their performance
was admirable.
-[sobbing]
-[ann] And of course,
we can't leave Meiwa behind,
who played just as well.
[sobbing]
We lost the match?
[ann] Their style
and determination
are worthy of admiration.
We can't wait to see
more of this team
as time goes on.
You played really well,
Meiwa.
You played like champs,
Meiwa!
I'm so very proud of you,
Kojiro.
Big Brother...
Nankatsu's the champion,
ma'am.
Tell me, does that mean
we'll recruit Tsubasa?
[Kaori]
Yeah.
[sniffle]
Captain Hyuga...
Tsubasa.
Huh?
You played really well.
I accept today's defeat.
Oh!
Thanks a lot, Hyuga.
When you knocked me down,
I knew that you were
more than anyone
deserved to be
the champion.
It was a fair battle.
I have no complaints.
You played excellently.
So did you.
[laughs]
Hyuga...
Hmm...
Misaki, I have to tell you
that going against you
was the most fun
and annoying thing
I've ever done.
I appreciate it.
I hope that you can
get well soon.
Wakabayashi...
As much as I tried, I wasn't
able to score on you
from outside
the danger zone.
But next time we meet,
you'll see that
I'll be able to easily.
Don't get too cocky.
I wont. I'll be looking
forward to it.
You know, I've never met
anyone like you.
This is the first time
someone's scored
four goals on me.
[laughs]
[applause]
[ann] The players
from both teams
congratulate each other
and shake hands,
demonstrating
their great sportsmanship,
filling the field
with peace and happiness.
Each one of them
has surpassed their limits,
and honed their skills
throughout the course of
this unforgettable
tournament.
Even if they're enemies
in the field,
outside of it all,
there's a breath
of friendship
between the players.
And lets not forget
something very important.
From now on,
each of them
will decide
their future in this sport.
Surely, we'll get to
see them face off
against each other soon.
[Masao]
You really did it, Tsubasa.
[Hikaru]
Congratulations, Misaki.
Tsubasa, congratulations.
[Roberto]
Finally, you achieved it.
I'm awestruck and proud
of your growth, Tsubasa.
There's nothing else
that I can teach you.
You surpassed yourself
every time.
And you learned from
your rivals.
Your passion has no limits.
I'm very happy
to have met you.
You made me remember
my love for soccer.
Excuse me,
but I can no longer
keep my promise.
[Tsubasa]
I'll win
and we'll go to Brazil
together, Roberto.
[Roberto]
Goodbye, my boy.
Until never.